fix: adding backward compatibility notes to wire-reform rfc. (#30)
salesforce/lwc-rfcs: text/0000-wire-reform.md

* there will be no identity for inline JSON objects when assigned to a property in the config object, e.g.: `@wire(foo, { x: { y: 1 } })` where the value of `x` will be computed every time, instead of cached per instance or per class as today.
* there will be identity preserved when assigning a reference values in the config object, e.g.: `@wire(foo, { x: someValue })` where the value of `x` will be a reference to `someValue` during the class declaration.
* every time that `adapter.update()` is invoked, a new config object will be provided as a first argument, no identity is preserved in this case.

> * `adapter.update()` will be invoked initially regardless of the value of the config. e.g.: `@wire(foo, { x: $foo })` and `this.foo` resolves to `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `adapter.update()` will be invoked initially regardless of the value of the config. e.g.: `@wire(foo, { x: $foo })` will invoke the update even if `this.foo` resolves to `undefined`.
```

> * on any change to the values used to generate a wire configuration, `adapter.update()` will be called with the new config object, even if results in the same config values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `adapter.update()` will be called when the reactive mechanism detects a mutation on a value that was used to compute the config for a wire declaration, even if result of such computation produces the same config that was produced before. It is a responsibility of the adapter to dedupe such calls.
```

> * since now the underlying reactive tracking for wire configuration is using the same reactivity system as LWC, the wire protocol can’t track changes on a wire configuration that depends on class expandos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the reactive tracking for wire configuration can’t track changes on a wire configuration that depends on component's instance "expandos", it only reacts to changes on class' declared fields.
```
